# SereTOD Track2: Task-Oriented Dialog Systems
This repository contains the data, scripts and baseline codes for SereTOD Track2.

Most existing Task-Oriented Dialogue (TOD) systems require large amounts of annotations of dialog states and dialog acts (if used), which are time-consuming and labor-intensive.
Track 2 examines the task of training a TOD system over the mix of labeled and unlabeled dialog transcripts.

# Important Link

* [Track Proposal](http://seretod.org/SereTOD_Challenge_Description_v1.pdf)
* Challenge Registration
* Data Details
* Baseline Details

# Timeline
• Apr 29, 2022 Registration opening for shared task  
• May 31, 2022 Registration deadline for shared task  
• Jun 01, 2022 Training data release  
• Aug 14, 2022 Evaluation data release  
• Aug 21, 2022 Entry submission deadline  
• Aug 31, 2022 Evaluation results announced  
• Sept 07, 2022 Workshop paper due  
• Oct 09, 2022 Notification of paper acceptance  

# Task Definition
The main task for the dialog system is to predict the system intent and generate system response given the user intent, user utterance and user information (such as user’s data package plan, payment records and so on). There are both labeled and unlabeled data in the MCSD dataset. In each labeled dialog turn, the user intent, system intent and user information are given, which is needed for the dialog system to complete the dialog, while in unlabeled dialog turn, those are missing. The teams are encouraged to utilize both the labeled and the unlabeled dialogs to build dialog systems.

This task has two features about its knowledge base, which are different from those in other TOD tasks:
* The user information about each individual user is the basic knowledge to complete the dialog, which is refereed to as the local knowledge base in Track 1;
* No global knowledge base is used.
# Evaluation
In order to measure the performance of TOD systems, the evaluation data are additionally labeled with user goals, in addition to the labeled user information. User goal means the main purpose of the user engaged in a dialogue, according to which user will talk to the system. User goals over the evaluation data are used by the organizers to calculate the metric, and not provided to the teams. Note that we do not need to label user goals for training data. The main metrics are Success rate and BLEU score. Success rate is the percentage of generated dialogs that achieve user goals.
BLEU score evaluates the fluency of generated responses. A combined score is computed as BLEU+Success. 

The combined scores will be the main ranking basis
on leaderboard. We will provide the following scripts and tools for the participants: 1) A baseline system; 2) Evaluation scripts to calculate the metrics.
# Data
In this challenge task, participants will use [SereTOD dataset](../data/) to build a TOD system. 

In the test phase, participants will be evaluated on the results generated by their models for the hidden test set.
The test set will be on the same domains, entities and locales as the training set.

Data and system output format details can be found from [data description](../data/README.md).
# Participation
Each participating team will submit **up to 5** system outputs for the test instances in logs.json.


# Rules
• The participating teams can choose to participate in Track 1 independently, and the scores will be ranked according to the performance of information extraction.    
• When teams choose to participate in Track 2, they can use the Track 1 system provided by the organizing committee or developed by themselves. The ranking is based on the performance of both objective and manual evaluation.    
• The challenge website: http://seretod.org/Challenge.html. Teams can Download and fill in the application form and send it to the designated email address: seretod2022@gmail.com.  
• The organizing committee will review the qualification of the participating teams. Successful teams will sign the Challenge Data Usage Agreement and be eligible to participate in the challenge.  
• Download channels for data will be provided to approved individuals or teams.  
